New script for command line analysis (#37611)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_18_1.md

#### Scripts

##### New: CommandLineAnalysis

> - New: This script analyses a command line and provide a score based on the matched profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: This script analyzes a command line and provides a score based on the matched profiles.
```
